hey guys it's Ali here and today I'm
gonna give you a tour of my dogger
because i rearranged it so here we go um
we're gonna start off this bedroom
layout by the way is perfect for our new
series clue in because um I'm sorry
three girls share a room so here's monk
buds in a single bed and it's sisters
and best friends
it'll be explained in the show but
anyway to begin here is the bed chaired
by Harper and Quinn
and up here is a little girls ear
studios clapper and I got her to the
costume store pay close attention to
where I got everything it just says um
click me production girlier studios
Canon ELPH as my camera type and then
bunch of random numbers that used to
mean something I forget what various
stuffed animals oops that I just flung
everywhere
Samantha that I got from Cassie music in
me poster girl through your Studios
posted there's me hi me um this little
nightstand I made out of a watch box in
Tupperware and a lot of the stuff in my
room was made actually it's clock from
the dollar store little noggin glasses
and lemagas from an old outfit the
glasses are like AG glasses the beds are
called duck TIG and they're from the toy
section that IKEA they don't always have
them but sometimes they do so just look
for them oh and they don't come with
they come with the blankets and
everything but there's this piece of
foam that I cut out and put in and it
just barely fits in it's perfect though
just to make them squishy and
comfortable for the dolls because I'm
cool like that this is a potholder rug
the very pots
crocheted oh this is ivy necklace I
don't have ID though my flip lounge
chair it's old retired I got it in 2008
the super Sam Jam pillow that's she made
for me well it's actually rather your
studios pillow but super Sam Jam made it
for me for winning a contest
I made this poster when I first only had
Jess I got coconuts travel carrier
because I've had coconut almost as long
as I've had Jess and it came with all
these stickers so I just put them on a
piece of paper and wrote when I was like
nine that's my writing off Nick and I
was nine I was so cool and I put glitter
on I have this nightstand and so
apparently it's not retired but it also
comes with a notebook and a rug but
Cassie gave this to me because she
doesn't use it anymore and so
I don't remember what it's called but
it's in the older catalogue so I'm sure
you can find it in there and apparently
if you search for it American girl will
have it the light works as well as the
phone yeah it's cute oh these sunglasses
are from a retired beach outfit everyone
asks um this is the mukesh she's retired
but bennett 1207 gave her to me I've
always had coconut Lulu came look lynly
um this little puppy bum I got it IKEA
and this is like coconuts random stuff
another girl your Studios poster this
desk my dad made for me all he did was
he took some Dowling tubes and attached
them to pieces of wood and everything
I'm not entirely positive how he did it
that's trick foolin but yeah and then I
painted it blue and I got this chair in
the garden section for five bucks at
Michael's I was like oh my gosh cool
chair I bet it'll fit the dolls and I
was lucky it did and it's probably for
like gnomes or something I mean Liberty
Jane box came with shoes in it
they keep it this is a mirror for my
dance stuff there's my camera but it
fits it also I use it for them I found
this little perfume bottle you get
samples and stuff it like the bane but
not accept it the bays like Canada's
Macy's um
except it's been around way longer than
Macy's has the little water bottle came
with Jess so I got her accessories and I
got her what poster and manga this is I
got at the dollar store this came with
Chris's craft table
these are those speech sunglasses
harper's guitar is in its case this is a
mystery at chateau de Jumpman poster
which is what flew in has continued off
of it's exciting um and this is Kate's
necklace kitty k-k-kitty made me this
rug we have two more beds with more
stuffies on them I got this little teddy
bear at Michael's this is a mini groovy
girl I it's a keychain and I got it when
I was like six
I don't know me and Cassie of matching
ones so she's a different doll uh uh I
have these Liberty Jane bags one is
broken that's my fault no veins things
scare the crap out of me uh
these are just more stuffy's I've Addie
and Ruthie I have five mini dolls
because three of them belong to Cassie
the only ones I have are Josefina
and addy the raster Cathy's this came
with Jess 2-2 this little camera Oh
this camera is our generation my trunk
in the necklace it has three charms
because I missed that lesson oops
this is a finger puppet from Ikea cuz I
get like half my AG stuff there but I
have a whole bunch but it's the only one
I can find kisi ke ke also made this and
so she wrote little notes and took
pictures upside down on it it's really
cute it's a little message board you can
ask her how she made it this used to
work but it doesn't anymore it's a lamp
this is Lily's laptop órale knees I
guess super Sam gem also sent me this
picture of cinnamon aka corn this is a
little boombox that's our generation I
made this iPod by printing off a picture
of an iPod very small and then taping it
to like I cut out a piece of gum box and
taped it on cuz it was nice and thin and
then I had this stuff called a low when
I was younger and it's like Lego and it
always came with this string because you
could string the things together just
google it and you'll see what I'm
talking about but it's kind of like iPod
headphones string and so I just stuck it
inside and then put these little bits of
photo paper to make headphone parts this
desk is made out of tins which is really
useful because I keep so much stuff up
there but there's a another video
that'll tell you everything I keep in
there this is my foot really messed up
tuna has like random stuff in it but
yeah so I this is the school and food
tin and this is the bag in Hatton but
yeah they are I think they're in the
kitchen where a department or the closet
department I'm not sure but yeah they're
just random tins that stack together
this my dad made this microphone stand
oh and the microphone is inside the tin
but all it is is a doweling tube that is
screwed on to a piece of crown molding
which is the stuff that you put on the
wall yeah and I painted that part blue
and then I wrapped electrical tape
around the stand part to make it look
like there's a cord wrap around it and
then we used another piece of Dowling
tube to make the microphone and put like
the end of a chair I wonder if
oops by the way I made this window but
could you laughs a picture from Google
and I can't remember where I found it
yeah okay Adam just another piece of
Dowling tube with a little end of a
chair screwed on like a little rubber
thing to keep it from scraping on the
floor and then it's velcroed together
but the piece of velcro fell off that so
the microphone is in there anyway that's
my AG doll room in a nutshell because
you've seen it a billion times I don't
need to get too into it oh right there's
stuff under the bed too that I might as
well show you I have um my course stuff
that is from American Girl I also have a
soccer ball in a basketball but for some
reason they're there cute little thing
my friend gave me for my birthday
because my friends never like any stuff
and it's like a catering thing the whole
useful so yeah that's my daughter
now watch the next video which is um all
of my my dolls Jason place oh yeah by
the way there's a set of three videos
I'm also the third one is the where I
keep my AG stuff video that's older but
oh well they come together so yeah I
check them out
thank you